Syntax lookup: add ref value assignment documentation (#206)
reason-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/operator_ref_assignment.mdx

---

> id: "ref-assignment"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: "ref-value-assignment"
```

keywords: ["ref", "assign"]
name: ":="

> summary: "This is the `ref assignment` operator."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "This is the `ref value assignment` operator."
```

category: "operators"
---

> This operator is syntactic sugar for assigning to the `contents` value of a `ref`

Reviewer: Let's keep it simple with the wording, no need to talk about the technical details if this is syntax sugar / a function. To be exact, `:=` is a whitelisted operator within the syntax, so it's kinda both, a function defined in `Pervasives`, and "special sugar"  in the parser.

```suggestion
This operator assigns a new value to a `ref`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: actually no sugar provided for `ref`, both `ref` and `:=` are functions in pervasives module

Author: Gotcha, I was essentially quoting from pages/docs/manual/latest/mutation.mdx:

```
Assign a new value to `myValue` like so:

<CodeTab labels={["ReScript", "JS Output"]}>

\```res example
myValue.contents = 6
\```
\```js
myValue.contents = 6;
\```

</CodeTab>

We provide a syntax sugar for this:

<CodeTab labels={["ReScript", "JS Output"]}>

\```res example
myValue := 6
\```
\```js
myValue.contents = 6;
\```

</CodeTab>
```

Should I re-work this language as well?

Reviewer: I added some comments. I think it's not important how this is implemented, we should just describe what it does and how it is useful.

<CodeTab labels={["ReScript", "JS Output"]}>

```res
let total = ref(0)
total := 1
```

```js
var total = {
  contents: 0
};

total.contents = 1;
```

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
A `ref` is a builtin record type with a `mutable contents` field. The `:=` operator is just a shorthand version for the following code:

```res
let total = ref(0)
total.contents = 0
```
~~~
